# Retrospective (conducted Friday, Jan 12th in-person)

What would you do differently this time?

* Chris: Would have de-scoped the project sooner and focused more on visualizing the data instead of developing a predictive model or manipulating large databases in Apache Spark...also would have taken effort to get an idea of the technical skills of each team member so we can best assign work more efficiently.
* Erin: Would have tried to make team meetings more efficient...perhaps creating some sort of shared list of “things we have figured out how to do in d3” (i.e. add title, change bar color) etc to avoid duplicate work or duplicate research on the similar alterations that we were all making to our D3s. Would also have standardized file system for team on repository earlier rather than doing this after the fact (especially after learning more about the importance of URLs, etc)
* Bobi: Would have started with in-person work meetings earlier in the project. I was surprised to learn how effective such meetings are and how much we can accomplish by sitting together, comparing to working remotely. If we had more time I would also love us to start pull data using API instead of using static data, as we would have learnt much more that way. Finally, we would also have agreed on formatting and directory structure earlier to avoid later fixes. 
* Zain: Would have been liked to do a predictive model using 2017 data and predicting delays in 2018 by getting 2018 flight schedule. Would have tried to make the visualization more dynamic by updating the X-axis to incorporate missing data (missing because the airline did not fly that route) for certain routes.
